what's up I'm Bo Cummings with active
snow war team today I'm reviewing the
2015 hurtin architect it comes in a 150
154 and 157 and all the sizes are
midwives which is pretty cool for any
guy with a little bit bigger foot and I
want to write a park board it's a
straight camber board which is a lot of
fun on you know bigger jumps and it's a
park board but it's definitely an
aggressive park board you can ride it
anywhere and it's really stable this is
a great board for you know charging both
fast give hill through the name you know
you can you can hit bigger jumps you can
land tail-heavy and still ride out of it
you can go right powder if you get any
of those days I got to ride this board
up at Timberline just Park but it was
there's a lot of fun it's extremely
poppy because it is that straight can't
reward until you can pop hard now on
boxes and rails it's it's a great board
to it you do compromise on you know
pressing and things like that because it
is a mid flex cam board so it's a little
bit harder but you know you can still do
it you just got to work a little harder
at it compared to a jiffy softer board
it has also the off-axis frostbite so it
has a heel and toe specific edge if
you've ever rode asymmetrical board you
know when you're leaning on your heels
sometimes you can wash out but with this
it helps where the contact points are on
your heels to keep your edge in again
this is the 2015 burton parka tech I'm
beau Cummings if you have any more
questions or anything you know run over
that tactics comm check them out you
know we'll answer your questions if you
need anything and that let's get the
hell out of here